---
layout: post
title: Linux Security
date: 2019-10-20 11:12:00-0400
description: Note & Guide
tags: formatting math
categories: notes
related_posts: false
---

# What is LPIC-3?

The LPIC-3 certification is the culmination of LPI’s multi-level professional certification program. 

LPIC-3 is designed for the enterprise-level Linux professional and represents the highest level of professional, 

distribution-neutral Linux certification within the industry. Three separate LPIC-3 specialty certifications are available. 

Passing any one of the three exams will grant the LPIC-3 certification for that specialty.

The LPIC-3 303: Security certification covers the administration of Linux systems enterprise-wide with an emphasis on security.

# What is SEC506

SEC506: Securing Linux/Unix provides in-depth coverage of Linux and Unix security issues that include specific configuration

guidance and practical, real-world examples, tips, and tricks. We examine how to mitigate or eliminate general problems 

that apply to all Unix-like operating systems, including vulnerabilities in the password authentication system, file system, 

virtual memory system, and applications that commonly run on Linux and Unix.


The course will teach you the skills to use freely available tools to handle security issues, 

including SSH, AIDE, sudo, lsof, and many others. SANS' practical approach uses hands-on exercises every day to ensure that 

you will be to use these tools as soon as you return to work. We will also put these tools to work in a special section that 

covers simple forensic techniques for investigating compromised systems.


[this notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XBDNZ25aSlfu-qaByJD8ht9O4I62VVxreTE3xHEzRMw/edit?usp=sharing) summary of lpic3-303 & sec506
